index.md, before:

# Coordinated Robot Manipulation (Additional Information)

Thank you for your interest in being a part of our study! 

Below, you will find more information to help you decide if you want to participate and how to sign up. The details that you should be aware of regarding the study are shown first and information regarding how to sign up are shown last.



## 1. Study Details

### 1.1. Purpose

The general goal of the project is to understand what methods of visualizing data allow users to better identify the success of a robot picking up objects. To acheive this, we will show different displays of a robot grabbing different objects and measure your judgements and confidence of the robot's ability for each grasp.

### 1.2. Time & Location

The study will take about 1 hour to complete. 

The study will take place in-person at Oregon State University (additional information for the specific location will be provided via email).

### 1.3. Activities:

1. Watch videos of a robot picking up objects and judge if the grasp will be successful.
2. Complete surveys about your experience performing the task.
3. Complete a demographic questionnaire.
4. Wear glasses that perform eye-tracking and record what you are saying. 

### 1.4. Requirements:

1. Be 18 years of age or older.
2. Have 20/20 vision or corrected vision by methods other than glasses (examples: contact lenses, laser eye surgery, etc.). Note: anything worn that takes up a considerable amount of space infront of your eyes may prevent you from being able to wear the eye-tracking glasses.

### 1.5. Risks:

1. Epilepsy warning due to flickering lights in some displays.
2. Minor discomfort or irritation from wearing the eye tracker may occur. The device will be sanitized to reduce chances of sharing bacteria between users.

### 1.6. Payment: 
If you complete the entire study procedure, you will receive a $25 Amazon gift card. Personally identifying information (name, email address or telephone) is needed for you to receive your gift card, but there will be no tie between this information and any data collected during evaluation.



## 2. How to Sign Up

### 2.1. Sign Up via Email:

To sign up for the study, please email Michael Pfeiffer, Graduate Student Researcher, at: pfeiffmi@oregonstate.edu

Your email can simply say that that you are interested in participating in the study and we can schedule a time from there. 

### 2.2. Requesting A Time in First Email:

You can find one or more times below that would work best for you to participate. Please mention the times you prefer in your email. 

Note that the times below may not be up-to-date and may not all be available.

If no times work for you and would still like to participate, please send an email and note any times/days that would work for you. We will do our best to accomodate you so that you can participate in the study.

### 2.3. Current Start Times Available:

#### Wednesday, June 18

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Thursday, June 19

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Friday, June 20

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Monday, June 23

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Tuesday, June 24

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Wednesday, June 25

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Thursday, June 26

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Friday, June 27

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### June 30th & Beyond

> Please mention in your email that you would like to schedule a time for June 30th or later. We can find a time that works from there.

Commit message:

Update index.md - Example email and minor tweak to add day name to last time

index.md, after:

# Coordinated Robot Manipulation (Additional Information)

Thank you for your interest in being a part of our study! 

Below, you will find more information to help you decide if you want to participate and how to sign up. The details that you should be aware of regarding the study are shown first and information regarding how to sign up are shown last.



## 1. Study Details

### 1.1. Purpose

The general goal of the project is to understand what methods of visualizing data allow users to better identify the success of a robot picking up objects. To acheive this, we will show different displays of a robot grabbing different objects and measure your judgements and confidence of the robot's ability for each grasp.

### 1.2. Time & Location

The study will take about 1 hour to complete. 

The study will take place in-person at Oregon State University (additional information for the specific location will be provided via email).

### 1.3. Activities:

1. Watch videos of a robot picking up objects and judge if the grasp will be successful.
2. Complete surveys about your experience performing the task.
3. Complete a demographic questionnaire.
4. Wear glasses that perform eye-tracking and record what you are saying. 

### 1.4. Requirements:

1. Be 18 years of age or older.
2. Have 20/20 vision or corrected vision by methods other than glasses (examples: contact lenses, laser eye surgery, etc.). Note: anything worn that takes up a considerable amount of space infront of your eyes may prevent you from being able to wear the eye-tracking glasses.

### 1.5. Risks:

1. Epilepsy warning due to flickering lights in some displays.
2. Minor discomfort or irritation from wearing the eye tracker may occur. The device will be sanitized to reduce chances of sharing bacteria between users.

### 1.6. Payment: 
If you complete the entire study procedure, you will receive a $25 Amazon gift card. Personally identifying information (name, email address or telephone) is needed for you to receive your gift card, but there will be no tie between this information and any data collected during evaluation.



## 2. How to Sign Up

### 2.1. Sign Up via Email:

To sign up for the study, please email Michael Pfeiffer, Graduate Student Researcher, at: pfeiffmi@oregonstate.edu

Your email can simply say that that you are interested in participating in the study and we can schedule a time from there. An example email is provided below:
"""
Hello Michael,

I am interested in participating in your study.

Thanks,
\<Put your name here\>
"""

### 2.2. Requesting A Time in First Email:

You can find one or more times below that would work best for you to participate. Please mention the times you prefer in your email. 

Note that the times below may not be up-to-date and may not all be available.

If no times work for you and would still like to participate, please send an email and note any times/days that would work for you. We will do our best to accomodate you so that you can participate in the study.

### 2.3. Current Start Times Available:

#### Wednesday, June 18

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Thursday, June 19

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Friday, June 20

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Monday, June 23

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Tuesday, June 24

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Wednesday, June 25

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Thursday, June 26

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Friday, June 27

> 9:00 am
> 9:30 am
> 10:00 am
> 10:30 am
> 11:00 am
> 11:30 am
> 12:00 pm
> 12:30 pm
> 1:00 pm
> 1:30 pm
> 2:00 pm
> 2:30 pm
> 3:00 pm
> 3:30 pm
> 4:00 pm
> 4:30 pm
> 5:00 pm
> 5:30 pm
> 6:00 pm
> 6:30 pm
> 7:00 pm

#### Monday, June 30th & Beyond

> Please mention in your email that you would like to schedule a time for June 30th or later. We can find a time that works from there.
